3) Define accessibility in the context of web development? Discuss why it's essential to create accessible
websites and how it benefits different user groups?

Ans= web development accesssibility: Accessibility is the part of making our website uasable by as many people as possible.
Accessibility is essential for developers and organisations who want to create high quality website.

#why accessibilty in the context of web development=
its promotes usability.
when we consider accessibility in our online content design,it also enhance usability, and ofen resultsin a more intutive
useres experience,and increase audience.
 
 benifites of web accessibility=
 ENHANCE USER EXPERIENCE= Improve navigation and ease of use.
 web accessibility strives to design website that are esay to navigate and use by anyone,regardeless of ability. accessible
 design principle include clear, headings,uniform navigation menus, and well organise content that make 
 it easy for users to locate the information they need and navigation website.

 IMPROVED SEO AND SEARCH RANKINGS=
 how web accessibility affect search engine optimization:
 SEO and accssibility   to the web are inextricably linked. SEO engines are designed to provide
 users with the latest and easly accessible information.
 when they implement practice for accessibilty on the web. companies improve the technical aspects of theire sites,
 including clear code, and appropriate heading structure and alternative text to image.

 POSITIVE BRAND IMAGE AND REPUTATION=
 Demonstrating inclusivity and diversity:
 web accessibility demonstrates a company's  commetment to inclusion and diversity.
 in ensuring that website can be accessed by people who are disabled, companies communicate
 their belifs and values.

 EXPANDED MARKET OPPORTUNITIES=
 accessing to growing market of users with disabilities:
 web accessibilty opens the doors to rapidly expanding market of disable users. according to recent reasearch
 people with disabilities constitute a large proportion of the global population. 